Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Next,
we're going to be having a look at looping.
And to that end,
I have added a looping section or looping tab to your my macro book.
What we going to do?
Notes.
At the moment,
we've got most of the basics covered in here.
I'm just going to change the name of that module.
Two more basics.
On that way you'll easily be able to find it.
And I'm going to insert a new module and call that Mont Looping.
Now you may be wondering why you need to use loops.
While it's an absolute staple in any programmers.
Talk it.
And it could be if we take this particular data here,
we want to highlight every alternative cell.
Or it could be that we want to loop through all this data and find the first value that's
greater than 31 for example on then perform some other code on it.
So without further ado,
let's move on to next lecture.
We're gonna have a look at our first loop type,
which is the do loop.
OK,
I'll see you in the next lecture